My argument now is that we are in fact
in stage three of the bare market. I
believe this stage will last
approximately the same length as the
first two stages. So this one in my
opinion will take us from June of 2026
to October of 2026.
And that is stage three of the bare
market where arguably at this point a
majority of the people do believe it's a
bare market. One of the things I will
often do on Twitter is I'll put out
polls and those polls will say stuff
like where is Bitcoin headed first and a
lot of people think that if the majority
says one direction then the majority is
wrong. But I think the last several
polls that I put out, the majority was
actually